#### 
### END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

# ABB SAFER Mobile Application End User License Agreement
Please read the terms and conditions of SAFER Mobile Application End User License Agreement carefully. If you do not agree to these End User License Agreement, do not accept them, and do not access or use the Mobile Application and/or Services in any way.

By using this ABB SAFER Mobile Service Application (the “Mobile Application”, “Service Application”), you agree to be bound by this ABB End User License Agreement, ABB Service Assist Mobile Application End User License Agreement, Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy.  This is an agreement between you and ABB, and not with Apple Inc. (“Apple”) and/or Alphabet Inc. (“Google”).  Apple/Google are not responsible for this Service Application and its content.    
  

# Scope and contract information
**Parties and scope.** This ABB SAFER Mobile Application End User License Agreement (this “EULA”, “End User License Agreement”) govern your access to and use of the ABB SAFER Mobile Application (the “Mobile Application”, “Service Application”) and related Services. This EULA is agreed between ABB Information Systems AG, (“ABB”, “we”, “us” or “our”), a company incorporated in Switzerland, and you (“Customer”, “User”, “you” or “your”). You represent to us that you are lawfully able to enter into a contract. If you are acting on behalf of a company or other entity, “you” extends to that entity, and you are binding that entity to this EULA.

**Contract formation.** By (i) uploading, downloading, accessing or copying any Content; (ii) accessing, logging-in, or otherwise using the Mobile Application or the Services; and/or (iii) clicking on an “accept” button, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions of this EULA and the EULA comes into effect. With the formation of the present contract, you also agree to abide to the ABB Service Assist Mobile Application End User License Agreement. 

## Privacy Policy
**Data Protection.** Each party shall comply with all applicable Laws related to the protection of personal data and agrees not to withhold or delay its consent to any changes to applicable contractual provisions in order to comply with such applicable laws and orders from any competent authority. We will further comply with our Data Privacy Policy, available at https://new.abb.com/privacy-notice/customer, as may be updated by us from time to time, when using such personal data. The parties acknowledge that the processing of personal data may require the conclusion of additional data processing/protection agreements. A party shall, upon request of the other party, promptly enter into any such agreement(s) as required by mandatory law or a competent authority. 


## Terms of Use

### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;1. Services and Access to Portal	
**Service Application Use.**  ABB grants you the right to use this Service Application only for your personal use on a smartphone that you own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the App Store/Play Store Terms of Service.  You may not: (a) modify, copy, publish, license, sell, or otherwise commercialize this Service Application or any information or software associated with this Service Application; (b) rent, lease or otherwise transfer rights to this Service Application; or (c) use this Service Application in any manner that could impair any ABB site in any way or interfere with any party's use or enjoyment of any ABB site.  You must use the Service Application in compliance with all applicable laws.  You must comply with applicable third party terms of agreement when using this Service Application (e.g. your wireless data service agreement).  Your right to use this Service Application will terminate immediately if you violate any provision of this EULA.  Apple/Google has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to this Service Application.

**Services.** Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use, we grant you a nonexclusive, nontransferable, nonsublicensable, timelimited and revocable right to access the Mobile Application and use the Services for your internal business purposes. You may permit, under your full responsibility, third parties under contract with you to use the Services and access the Mobile Application for supporting your internal business purposes. 

You understand and acknowledge that we may at our sole discretion (i) modify the Services, the Mobile Application and/or their respective features; (ii) provide upgrades, patches or maintenance; or (iii) provide, suspend or discontinue the Services or access to Mobile Application at any time with our without giving a reason. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you reasonably in advance prior to any of the actions in (i) to (iii) above to the extent such actions may have an impact on you but we will not be able to provide advance notice of unscheduled or emergency maintenance. 

The provision of the Mobile Application requires us to monitor your usage of the Mobile Application for legitimate purposes, such as (i) providing, maintaining and developing the Mobile Application; (ii) preventing, detecting and repairing problems related to the security and/or the operation of the Mobile Application; and (iii) improving the user experience of the Mobile Application.

**Your account on the Mobile App.** Your use of the Services or access to the Mobile Application requires you to establish an account on the Mobile Application. For purposes of administrating the account, you will be required to provide contact information (for example name, role, company, telephone number, address, email and user IDs) and other information as described in the registration form. You are responsible for the accuracy and completeness of this information and for any and all activities that occur under an account that is attributable to you (including, for the avoidance of doubt, activities by third party Users). You will ensure that (i) the Users securely store and keep credentials (e.g. username, passwords, certificates, keys) confidential; (ii) the credentials that are allocated to a specified User are only used by such User; and (iii) the account is only used in relation to the Services and in such a way so as not to impair or compromise the stability or security of the Mobile Application and/or the Services. You notify us immediately on discovering any attempted or actual unauthorized use of an account that is attributable to you and immediately follow our instructions when we are asking you to change a User’s access credentials. We reserve the right to change a User’s access credentials if we are of the opinion that such change is necessary for security reasons.  

### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2.	Your responsibilities 
**General obligations when using our Services.** You will: (i) obtain and maintain all necessary licenses, permissions, filings and consents (which shall include consent of individuals where you provide Personal Data to us) which may be required regarding Your Content, software and other content, if any, provided by you; (ii) when using External Content, comply with the respective terms and conditions of use and the license terms and conditions in connection with External Content; (iii) promptly install any updates or upgrades provided by us (in accordance with the respective specification and instructions) on your computer systems and/or mobile devices (as applicable); (iv) comply with any restrictions on permitted User types; (v) comply with our reasonable instructions regarding the proper use of the Services and/or the Mobile Application as may be given in individual cases from time to time; (vi) ensure that all Users comply with the Acceptable Use Policy; and (vii) comply with the Laws, in particular when providing Your Content.  

**General use restrictions.** You will not, nor will you permit any third party to, directly or indirectly use the Services and/or the Mobile Application in a production environment or in any other way that could adversely impact production-, security- or safety-critical processes, in any productive system or in any application or situation where failure of the Services or the Mobile Application could lead to the death or serious bodily injury of any person, or to severe physical or environmental damage. While the app may be utilized to enhance safety measures before maintenance or other interventions on equipment, such usage should be approached with caution and at your own risk.

**Cooperation and information obligations.** You will cooperate with us in all matters relating to the Services and/or the Mobile Application and provide us with such information and materials as we may reasonably require in order to provide the Services and/or access to the Mobile Application as well as in order to verify your compliance with these Mobile Application Terms of Use. In addition, to your information obligations related to your use of the Mobile Application as set out under this EULA, you will promptly inform us upon becoming aware of any circumstances that may or do affect the security of the Services and/or the Mobile Application.

### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;3.	Proprietary rights 
**Your Content.** We will not acquire any right, title, and interest in Your Content other than the rights you grant to us under this EULA. 

**ABB Content.** As between the parties, all right, title and interest, including all Intellectual Property Rights, in and to the ABB Content are and remain exclusively with us or our licensors. You have no rights in and to the ABB Content, other than those expressly granted pursuant to this EULA. 

**Our use of Your Content.** We, our Partners, Affiliates and our Subcontractors have the right to collect, monitor, store, use, extract, compile, synthesize, aggregate, analyze or otherwise process Your Content to the extent it is non-confidential or not explicitly and officially agreed between the Parties to be confidential for (i) providing and maintaining the Services to you and your Affiliates; (ii) preventing, detecting and repairing problems related to the security and/or the operation of the Mobile Application and the Services; (iii) improving and developing existing services, technologies, products and/or software and developing new services, technologies, products and/ or software, and all improvements and developments (including all resulting Intellectual Property Rights) are exclusively owned by us. In addition, we have the right to use Your Content for benchmarking purposes if and to the extent it is anonymized or non-confidential. 

**Feedback.** During the course of the Services or your use of the Mobile Application, you may provide feedback or suggestions related to the Services and/or the Mobile Application to us. We exclusively own all rights, title, and interest, including all Intellectual Property Rights, in such feedback and suggestions. We and our Affiliates are entitled to use such feedback and suggestions, even if it should be marked confidential, without restrictions and compensation to you. Any compensation for this kind of information is explicitly excluded. 

**Restrictions.** You will not in whole or in part (i) (except as explicitly permitted in this EULA) use the ABB Content in any manner, including, without limitation, for any third party use including, without limitation, license, sublicense, sell, resell, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, display, broadcast, disclose, or otherwise commercially exploit or make it, or any portion thereof, available to any third party in any manner; (ii) modify, tamper with, repair or make derivative works based upon the ABB Content; (iii) copy, reproduce, publish, reverse engineer, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, disassemble, decompile or create derivative works of the ABB Content (except to the extent that applicable Laws prohibits this EULA reverse engineering restrictions, and then only as permitted by such laws); (iv) copy any ideas, features, functions or graphics of the ABB Content; (v) access or use the ABB Content in a way to avoid incurring fees or exceeding usage limits or quotas or to circumvent or render inoperative any usage restriction features contained in ABB Content; and/or (vi) remove, obscure, alter, or move ABB’s and its licensors’ proprietary notices. Use of the ABB Content other than specifically permitted in this Mobile Application EULA is expressly prohibited.

### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;4.	Intellectual property infringement 
**Defense and indemnity.** If any third party makes a claim against you that the Services, if used in accordance with the terms of this Mobile Application EULA, infringe a third party’s copyrights, patents or trademarks (a "Claim"), we will defend you against such Claim and pay the amounts finally awarded by a court against you or included in a settlement approved by us, provided that you will (i) promptly give written notice of the Claim to us, specifying the nature of the Claim in reasonable detail; (ii) not make any admission of liability, agreement or compromise in relation to the Claim without the prior written consent of us; and (iii) allow us to control and reasonably cooperate with us in the defense and settlement of the Claim. 

**Exceptions.** We have no liability or obligation related to any claim of infringement of Intellectual Property Rights if and to the extent the claim arises out of or relating to (i) the use of Your Content in the provision of the Services or otherwise in connection with this Mobile Application EULA; (ii) a modification created by or at the direction of you or a third party; (iii) use of the Services other than in accordance with the terms of this Mobile Application EULA; (iv) use of the Services in combination with any hardware, software or other materials, where absent such combination, the affected Service would not be the subject of a Claim; or (vi) any circumstances that are not directly caused by us. 

**Effect of Claim.** If a Claim is made or, in our reasonable belief, is likely to be asserted, we may, at no cost to you: (i) procure for you the right to continue to take the benefit of any Services, that are affected by the Claim; or (ii) reperform the applicable Services so that it becomes non-infringing; or (iii) terminate the provision of Services and/or your access to the Mobile Application, in whole or in part without any liability. 
Sole and exclusive remedy. This Section states the sole, exclusive and, subject to the limitations expressed in the Limitation of Liability section, our entire liability of us to you and your sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any claim or allegation of infringement or misappropriation of any third party Intellectual Property Right.

### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;5.	Disclaimer of Warranties
ABB disclaims responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of this Service Application.  The Service Application and the service(s) accessed by it are provided "as is", “with all faults”, and “as available”.  ABB expressly disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by law all guarantees and express, implied and statutory warranties, including without limitation the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of proprietary rights, and any warranties regarding the security, reliability, timeliness and performance of this Service Application.  You download and use this Service Application at your own discretion and risk, and you are solely responsible for any damages to your hardware device(s) or loss of data that results from the download or use of this Service Application.  In the event of any failure of this Service Application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple/Google, and Apple/Google will refund the purchase price, if applicable, for this Service Application to you; and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple/Google will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to this Service Application.  

You represent and warrant that our use of Your Content or your grant of any license or right under this Mobile Application EULA, will not infringe the Intellectual Property Rights or other rights of any person or legal entity. 

You will indemnify and hold us harmless from and against all costs, claims, demands, liabilities, expenses, damages or losses arising out of or in connection with any alleged or actual (i) infringement of any third party's Intellectual Property Rights by you; (ii) violation of any third party’s rights related to Your Content or its use by us, our Affiliates and/or our subcontractors in accordance with this Mobile Application EULA; (iii) violation of any other rights of a third party related to your breach of this Mobile Application EULA; and (iv) breach of Laws by your use of the Services and/or Mobile Application.

### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;6.	Disclaimer 
**Disclaimer.** ABB disclaims responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of this Service Application.  The Service Application and the service(s) accessed by it are provided "as is", “with all faults”, and “as available”.  ABB expressly disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by law all guarantees and express, implied and statutory warranties, including without limitation the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of proprietary rights, and any warranties regarding the security, reliability, timeliness and performance of this Service Application.  You download and use this Service Application at your own discretion and risk, and you are solely responsible for any damages to your hardware device(s) or loss of data that results from the download or use of this Service Application.  In the event of any failure of this Service Application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple/Google, and Apple/Google will refund the purchase price, if applicable, for this Service Application to you; and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple/Google will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to this Service Application.  

### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;7.	Limitation of liability 
The SAFER Mobile Application is designed to enhance operator safety through augmented reality risk zones mapping around electrical equipment. It is your responsibility to comply to all global and local health and safety regulations, wear required Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), own valid certification to operate the electrical equipment (by ABB and/or according to the local legislation), follow stipulated operational procedures and get necessary authorizations before performing any step described in the guides.

The app relies on the data provided, user declarations, and proximity detection systems, but it may not detect all hazards or unsafe conditions. Operators should always remain vigilant and exercise caution.

The app's information and recommendations should be used as guidance and not taken as absolute instructions. It is your responsibility to comply to all global and local health and safety regulations, wear required Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), own valid certification to operate the electrical equipment (by ABB and/or according to the local legislation), follow stipulated operational procedures and get necessary authorizations before performing any activity.

You will be liable for the activities performed and ABB will not indemnify you for any activity performed, either if in compliance or not in compliance with the guides’ instructions. ABB has no direct or indirect liability to the user or user's company for any kind of damage arising out of the wrong or improper use of the application or the improper performance of the activity or for any delays, interruptions, or omissions with respect to performed activity or disturbance of power supply to consumers.

The app relies on the data provided by the User, the Customer, or their representatives, including but not limiting to User declarations, Protective Personal Equipment (PPE), and proximity detection systems, and may not detect all hazards or unsafe conditions. ABB is not responsible for the data provided by the User, the Customer, or their representatives.


**Limited liability and exclusions.** ABB is not liable to you or any user for any use or misuse of this Service Application. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or damages or the disclaimer of warranties, so such exclusions and disclaimers may not apply to you.  Regardless of the previous paragraphs, if ABB is found to be liable, ABB’s liability to you or to any third party is limited to US$50. We are in no event liable, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), for breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, arising under or in connection with this EULA, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, for (i) loss of profits, sales or business, agreements or contracts, anticipated savings, revenue, or damage to goodwill; (ii) business interruption or loss or corruption of data; (iii) costs of substitute goods or services; or (iv) any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, punitive damages or exemplary loss; (v) liability limitations apply whether damages arise from use or misuse of and reliance on this Service Application, from inability to use this Service Application, or from the interruption, suspension, or termination of this Service Application (including any damages incurred by third parties); and (vi) applies notwithstanding a failure of the essential purpose of any limited remedy and to the fullest extent permitted by law. Other than the liability specified in this Section, our liability shall be excluded to the largest extent possible under applicable Law. The limitations and exclusions of liability also apply to the benefit of our Affiliates, suppliers, licensors, subcontractors as well as our and their directors, officers, employees, and representatives. You may not assert any claim for breach or non-performance under this Mobile Application EULA against us unless you have given us written notice of the claim within 1 (one) year after you first knew or reasonably should have known of the facts giving rise to such claim. The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.

**Indemnification.** You will indemnify and hold harmless ABB and its parents, subsidiaries, officers, directors, shareholders, agents and employees, from any claim made by any third party due to or arising directly or indirectly out of your conduct or in connection with your use of this Service Application, any alleged violation of this Privacy Policy and EULA, and any alleged violation of any applicable law or regulation.  ABB reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, but doing so will not excuse your indemnity obligations.

### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;8.	Suspension 
We may suspend the Services or your access to the Mobile Application in whole or in part if we determine that your use of the Services or the Mobile Application (i) poses a security risk to the Services, the Mobile Application and/or any third party; (ii) may adversely impact the performance of the Services and/or Mobile Application; (iii) is in violation of the Laws or poses a risk that we are or will be in violation of the Laws; (iv) may subject us or any third party to liability. We will suspend the Services and/or your access to the Mobile Application only to the extent reasonably necessary. Unless we believe an immediate suspension is required, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide reasonable notice before suspending a Service or access to the Mobile Application. We may in any case temporarily suspend the Services and/or access to the Mobile Application for maintenance purposes.

### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;9.	Term and termination 
**Term.** The Mobile Application EULA will enter into effect as described in the Contract Formation section above and will remain in effect until terminated in accordance with this Term and Termination section.

**Termination for convenience.** Either party may terminate this Mobile Application EULA for convenience at any time. 

**Termination for cause by us.** Without limiting our other rights or remedies, we may also terminate this Mobile Application EULA (in whole or in part) with immediate effect by giving written notice to you if (i) there is a change in Laws in one or more countries that would render the continued performance of the Service or provision of the Mobile Application illegal, impractical or would otherwise have a material impact (including a cost impact) on the provision of the Services, or (ii) you are in breach of the Acceptable Use Policy or the license terms. 

**Effect of termination.** Upon termination of this Mobile Application EULA for any reason: (i) you will immediately cease using the Services; (ii) we may disconnect your access to the Services and the Mobile Application on or after the effective date of termination; and (iii) the accrued rights, remedies, obligations and liabilities of the parties as at termination or expiration shall be unaffected, including the right to claim damages in respect of any breach of this Mobile Application EULA which existed at or before the date of termination or expiration. 

**Retrieving Your Content.** You are responsible to autonomously export Your Content prior to the effective date of termination in accordance with the methods that are available. After termination we may delete Your Content.

### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;10.	Confidentiality 
**Confidentiality.** Each party agrees that it shall not at any time disclose non-public technical or commercial knowhow, documents, specifications, inventions, processes, source code, product plans, marketing plans or initiatives or any other information or data which are designated at the time of disclosure to the Recipient as confidential or are of a confidential nature and have been disclosed to such party (the "Recipient") by the other party (the "Discloser") or its agent and any other confidential information concerning Discloser's business or its products which the Recipient may obtain, except as permitted by Section.

**Exceptions.** Confidential information does not include any particular information that the Recipient can reasonably demonstrate (i) was in the possession of, or was rightfully known by, the Recipient without an obligation to maintain its confidentiality prior to receipt from the Discloser; (ii) was or has become generally available to the public other than as a result of disclosure by the Recipient or its agents; or (iii) was independently developed by the Recipient without use of or reference to any confidential information of the Discloser.  

**Permitted disclosure.** The Recipient may disclose the Discloser's confidential information (i) to such of its and its Affiliates employees, agents, professional advisers or subcontractors as need to know the same in connection with the Mobile Application EULA and provided the Recipient takes reasonable measures to ensure that such employees, agents or subcontractors comply with this Section 14; and (ii) as may be required by Laws, a court of competent jurisdiction or any governmental or regulatory authority, provided that the Recipient takes best efforts to limit such disclosure and to obtain confidential treatment or a protective order, notifies the Discloser (where legally permissible to do so) reasonably in advance to enable it to participate in such effort. 

**Safeguards.** The Recipient agrees to apply reasonable safeguards against the unauthorized disclosure of the Discloser's confidential information in accordance with good industry practice, or in the same manner and to the same degree that it protects its own confidential and proprietary information – whichever standard is higher.

### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;11.	Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
**Governing law.** The Mobile Application EULA, and any dispute or claim (including noncontractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of Switzerland, excluding its conflicts of law rules. Your use of the Service Application may also be subject to other local, state, national or international laws.

### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;12.	Interpretation
**Interpretation.** Any phrase introduced by the terms "e.g.", "including", "include", "in particular", "such as" or any similar expression, shall be construed as illustrative and shall not introduce an exhaustive list of phrases nor limit the sense of the words preceding those terms.

### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;13.	Third Party Beneficiary.
**Third Party Beneficiary.** Apple/Google and their subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Privacy Policy and EULA, and, upon your acceptance, Apple/Google as a third party beneficiary thereof will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this EULA against you.

### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;14.	Miscellaneous Provisions
**Miscellaneous Provisions.** You are responsible for complying with trade regulations and both foreign and domestic laws.  You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country that is subject to a US Government embargo, or that has been designated by the US Government as a “terrorist supporting” country and you are not listed on any US Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.  This Service Application or its underlying technology may not be downloaded to or exported or reexported: (a) into (or to a resident or national of) Cuba, Iraq, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Syria or any other country subject to United States embargo; (b) to anyone on the US Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or on the US Commerce Department's Denied Party or Entity List; and (c) you will not export or reexport this Service Application to any prohibited country, person, end-user or entity specified by US Export Laws.